api/README.md, before:

# Dify Backend API

## Usage

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> In the v1.3.0 release, `poetry` has been replaced with
> [`uv`](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) as the package manager
> for Dify API backend service.

1. Start the docker-compose stack

   The backend require some middleware, including PostgreSQL, Redis, and Weaviate, which can be started together using `docker-compose`.

   ```bash
   cd ../docker
   cp middleware.env.example middleware.env
   # change the profile to other vector database if you are not using weaviate
   docker compose -f docker-compose.middleware.yaml --profile weaviate -p dify up -d
   cd ../api
   ```

1. Copy `.env.example` to `.env`

   ```cli
   cp .env.example .env
   ```

1. Generate a `SECRET_KEY` in the `.env` file.

   bash for Linux

   ```bash for Linux
   sed -i "/^SECRET_KEY=/c\SECRET_KEY=$(openssl rand -base64 42)" .env
   ```

   bash for Mac

   ```bash for Mac
   secret_key=$(openssl rand -base64 42)
   sed -i '' "/^SECRET_KEY=/c\\
   SECRET_KEY=${secret_key}" .env
   ```

1. Create environment.

   Dify API service uses [UV](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) to manage dependencies.
   First, you need to add the uv package manager, if you don't have it already.

   ```bash
   pip install uv
   # Or on macOS
   brew install uv
   ```

1. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   uv sync --dev
   ```

1. Run migrate

   Before the first launch, migrate the database to the latest version.

   ```bash
   uv run flask db upgrade
   ```

1. Start backend

   ```bash
   uv run flask run --host 0.0.0.0 --port=5001 --debug
   ```

1. Start Dify [web](../web) service.

1. Setup your application by visiting `http://localhost:3000`.

1. If you need to handle and debug the async tasks (e.g. dataset importing and documents indexing), please start the worker service.

```bash
uv run celery -A app.celery worker -P threads -c 2 --loglevel INFO -Q dataset,mail,ops_trace,app_deletion,plugin,workflow_storage,conversation,priority_pipeline,pipeline
```

Additionally, if you want to debug the celery scheduled tasks, you can run the following command in another terminal to start the beat service:

```bash
uv run celery -A app.celery beat
```

## Testing

1. Install dependencies for both the backend and the test environment

   ```bash
   uv sync --dev
   ```

1. Run the tests locally with mocked system environment variables in `tool.pytest_env` section in `pyproject.toml`, more can check [Claude.md](../CLAUDE.md)

   ```bash
   uv run pytest                           # Run all tests
   uv run pytest tests/unit_tests/         # Unit tests only
   uv run pytest tests/integration_tests/  # Integration tests

   # Code quality
   ../dev/reformat               # Run all formatters and linters
   uv run ruff check --fix ./    # Fix linting issues
   uv run ruff format ./         # Format code
   uv run basedpyright .         # Type checking
   ```

Commit message:

doc: add doc for env config when site and backend are in different domains

api/README.md, after:

# Dify Backend API

## Usage

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> In the v1.3.0 release, `poetry` has been replaced with
> [`uv`](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) as the package manager
> for Dify API backend service.

1. Start the docker-compose stack

   The backend require some middleware, including PostgreSQL, Redis, and Weaviate, which can be started together using `docker-compose`.

   ```bash
   cd ../docker
   cp middleware.env.example middleware.env
   # change the profile to other vector database if you are not using weaviate
   docker compose -f docker-compose.middleware.yaml --profile weaviate -p dify up -d
   cd ../api
   ```

1. Copy `.env.example` to `.env`

   ```cli
   cp .env.example .env
   ```

> [!IMPORTANT]
>  
> When the site and backend API are on different domains or subdomains, set COOKIE_DOMAIN to site domain(e.g example.com) and set the [frontend env](../web/.env.example) NEXT_PUBLIC_COOKIE_DOMAIN=1.

1. Generate a `SECRET_KEY` in the `.env` file.

   bash for Linux

   ```bash for Linux
   sed -i "/^SECRET_KEY=/c\SECRET_KEY=$(openssl rand -base64 42)" .env
   ```

   bash for Mac

   ```bash for Mac
   secret_key=$(openssl rand -base64 42)
   sed -i '' "/^SECRET_KEY=/c\\
   SECRET_KEY=${secret_key}" .env
   ```

1. Create environment.

   Dify API service uses [UV](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) to manage dependencies.
   First, you need to add the uv package manager, if you don't have it already.

   ```bash
   pip install uv
   # Or on macOS
   brew install uv
   ```

1. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   uv sync --dev
   ```

1. Run migrate

   Before the first launch, migrate the database to the latest version.

   ```bash
   uv run flask db upgrade
   ```

1. Start backend

   ```bash
   uv run flask run --host 0.0.0.0 --port=5001 --debug
   ```

1. Start Dify [web](../web) service.

1. Setup your application by visiting `http://localhost:3000`.

1. If you need to handle and debug the async tasks (e.g. dataset importing and documents indexing), please start the worker service.

```bash
uv run celery -A app.celery worker -P threads -c 2 --loglevel INFO -Q dataset,mail,ops_trace,app_deletion,plugin,workflow_storage,conversation,priority_pipeline,pipeline
```

Additionally, if you want to debug the celery scheduled tasks, you can run the following command in another terminal to start the beat service:

```bash
uv run celery -A app.celery beat
```

## Testing

1. Install dependencies for both the backend and the test environment

   ```bash
   uv sync --dev
   ```

1. Run the tests locally with mocked system environment variables in `tool.pytest_env` section in `pyproject.toml`, more can check [Claude.md](../CLAUDE.md)

   ```bash
   uv run pytest                           # Run all tests
   uv run pytest tests/unit_tests/         # Unit tests only
   uv run pytest tests/integration_tests/  # Integration tests

   # Code quality
   ../dev/reformat               # Run all formatters and linters
   uv run ruff check --fix ./    # Fix linting issues
   uv run ruff format ./         # Format code
   uv run basedpyright .         # Type checking
   ```
